Now speaking of navigation controls, we're already deeply in the routing topic and there's one thing
which you will need from time to time,
you want to control if a user is allowed to enter a certain route or if he's allowed to leave it.
Let's say if we load the user detail page here and then we click on edit, we want to control whether
the user is allowed to visit the edit page,
let's say an arbitrary users logged in check
and then if the user was in user edit page, we want to control if he's allowed to leave by let's say
throwing in a button in here where I simply want to say confirm, so let's say if some edits were
made and only after this button was clicked do we want to let the user navigate away, otherwise if changes
weren't confirmed
for example, we want to at least ask the user if he wants to navigate away.
So we get these two checks, before a user enters a route and after he, well once he wants to leave
a route,
let me put it like this.
Let's have a look at these two cases in the next videos.